--- 
title: "fedex is fired"
date: "2005-05-25"
slug: "2005/05/25/fedex-is-fired"
---
My iBook power cord died for good Friday evening.  Heidi ordered me a new cord Friday night and paid the extra $11 for 2 Day Air shipping.  This would have had the adapter arriving today, Wednesday (2 business days after shipping Monday).  It turns out, Apple saw that ground delivery from Memphis to Pensacola was an estimated 2 day delivery time so shipped it Ground and pocketed the extra profit.

I received my tracking number on Monday, <a href="http://fedex.com/Tracking?ascend_header=1&clienttype=dotcom&cntry_code=us&language=english&tracknumbers=215400060777605">215400060777605</a>, and it showed Ground service but a Wednesday estimated delivery.  This would have been fine but due to FedEx policy, in the end, it wasn't.  See, FedEx only delivers Ground packages until 6PM.  On top of that, non-Ground packages have priority for delivery even before 6PM, when 6PM comes, any Ground packages still on the truck just get left there and <em>might</em> get delivered the next day, if there is time.  I called FedEx to complain, this is when I was told the policy with respect to Ground packages.  I complained that the package was supposed to be delivered today and it was an important package.  Their reply was that if this package was so important, I should have paid for something better then Ground delivery.  This angered me greatly.  On top of all this, the service center closes at 6PM, so if your Ground package doesn't get delivered, you can't even go and pick it up in person.

I called Apple and complained.  The person I spoke with said he showed my order was supposed to be shipped Second Day Air but went out ground and all he could do is refund my money for shipping and send a message to the logistics department telling them what happened.  I really wouldn't have been too upset about Apple pocketing the shipping money if the package had arrived when I paid for it to get here.

So, now I have to sit around another day waiting for FedEx to <em>possibly</em> show up with my package.  This wouldn't be so bad as normally I am home all day except we had planned on getting Florida driver's licenses tommorow in preparation for re-registering our two cars in Florida.  That's an issue all to itself.  We won't be living in Florida a whole lot longer but the registration on both our cars is expiring so must be renewed now :(.
